So handsome
I have a granddaughter-in-law
Nice. Does your wife work in your company?
No, he works in the dorm.
Oh yes grandma
Did you take your medicine today?
I ran out of medicine yesterday
Can I stop eating in the future?
No way.
Grandma, this medicine can help you delay the decline of the drug
I have to eat it every day.
I'll go to the hospital to buy it for you. Wow.
Oh so good
I have a granddaughter-in-law
Oops, did you hear?
Sun-in-law, right?
It's beautiful.
I heard that I work at Xu's
Xu's work
Hey tough mouth
What do you say you disagree with?
In private?
That's pretty quick.
No, I have to help him.
Hurry up and marry Xu Jiao back
Mr. Xu listened to Yunting's meaning?
I like Jiaojiao
Just in time, Jiaojiao's birthday party is also here
How about getting engaged at a birthday party?
So that's a happy addition.
Mom, please promise
Ouch, it's really a girl who can't help it
Let's let Xiao Gu discuss the details of the engagement
Yunting, the announcement is quite busy, so be it
Hide this from her first
When is the time?
I gave him a surprise